ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
JILL: How long are you out for?
Four to six weeks.
It's a cruel world. (laughs)
ABBY: I'm looking for a
replacement for the duet.
Why did you ask Paige
who was replacing her in the duet?
JILL: I didn't.
So what can we do to a quick fix?
You're probably not going to want to hear
what I'm going to tell you to do.
I want her to do it. She wants to do it.
But I don't think she can.
You have sabotaged my daughter
and the rest of the kids!
(crying)
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms...
I did not have an affair with my boss!
-CHRISTI: Yes, you did!
-(bleep), I did not (bleep) bitch!
(bleep) There, I said it.
We need to really work hard this week
because Jill and Kendall
have hopped back to Abby's studio.
ABBY: I don't want to go there
and not win.
I'm giving you an opportunity
and you're (bleep) all over me.
Listen! It was you
who called Vivi a human prop!
-She is!
-CATHY: So don't tell me to shut up!
-MELISSA: Guess what I know?
-I think you need to take
your little technicolor ass
and get out of here.
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪Get up♪
♪Get on the floor♪
♪My world is with my girls♪
♪Living on the dance floor♪
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Come on! Let's go!
Entre vous, ladies.
Wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, all the way home.
-All right. Wow. Congratulations.
-(applause)
Overall high score winners
once again at Starbound.
Last weekend at Starbound
was a huge success for my girls.
Give it up for "Alouette,"
from Abby Lee Dance Company.
(cheering and applause)
Your top Junior Group.
We're on a winning streak,
and I want to keep it that way.
Those judges definitely know
who the Abby Lee Dance Company is.
I want to keep this winning streak going.
Now, onto the pyramid.
Kendall, you were brought in as a guest.
Even though you helped
the team win first place,
you're still a guest at the
Abby Lee Dance Company.
Jill is notorious for jumping ship
and taking Kendall with her.
So until they can both prove to me
that they want to be here for life,
I'm not putting Kendall
back on that pyramid.
First I have Brooke.
You had a rough week.
You were injured.
Day one, I saw the pain in your face.
I gave you an amazing number,
and now you're not going to do it?
No one's ever going to see it?
She can't do it.
You're on the bottom because you never
spoke up and said anything.
Next, Paige.
You're injured.
There's not much to judge you on.
I wanted you to work on your terminology
and do the warm up with us.
You didn't show up for a whole day.
KELLY: My kids are on the bottom
of the pyramid, once again.
But the funny thing is,
Paige has a broken foot
and didn't dance, and she's above Brooke.
ABBY: Next, Mackenzie.
You had a solo.
I thought you did a good job.
I thought your solo was great.
But crying, having a little meltdown--
I don't want kids on the team
that act like brats.
Understood?
Am I disappointed in second? Absolutely.
But you can't do that
because it looks like
you're ungrateful that you were second.
You're eight now.
You're not a baby, anymore.
Save your tears for the pillow.
Understood?
Next, Maddie.
You're probably wondering, why am I there?
You were the overall high score winner.
It doesn't matter. You need higher goals.
Remember I told you I wanted you
20 points above the person?
6 and 1/2 is not 20.
All right. Next, Chloe.
You were outstanding in the group.
You did an okay job with the duet.
But I want you to be intense.
That same intensity you bring to the solo,
you need to bring to the group
and to the duets
and to the trios and to every number
that you're in.
CHRISTI: Every week, Abby yells at Chloe
that she needs more confidence.
Maybe if you didn't bark and scream at her
she would have more confidence on stage.
-And, at the top of the pyramid, Nia.
-(applause)
ABBY:
Nia, you're at the top of the pyramid
because I am so proud of you.
You did your solo.
You got a standing ovation.
HOLLY: Being at the top
of the pyramid for Nia
is a long awaited dream.
And it's not an expectation,
but it's a wonderful recognition
for the work and achievement that
she's been able to bring to the team.
ABBY: This week you are the
dance captain of the group.
(cheering and applause)
I wouldn't be so smiling.
It's 10 times more work
than everybody else has.
Team captain, to me,
means that you correct your friends.
Even though if you don't want to,
you have to,
but say it in a nice way,
and just doing everything
to help your teammates.
I can get used to this.
This weekend we're going to Starbound,
and we will be going to Myrtle Beach...
(cheering)
...South Carolina.
This week we're headed to Starbound.
And I'm thrilled because my kids
have done great at Starbound.
Kendall, this week you're going
to do a duet with Mackenzie.
Chloe, you have a solo.
Maddie, no solo this week.
Moms, you're dismissed. Go ahead upstairs.
Ladies, we have lots of work to do.
Let's go.
Boom. Stomachs, tight.
Strong arms.
You're reaching for her, Brooke.
Reach out there! Boom!
This week's group number
is called "Taken."
And it has to do with four little girls
who are all dressed the same,
and they're watching this
other little girl.
She's dressed in her own color.
She's happy.
And, of course, they want to be like her.
But they know that
that is not a possibility.
So what do they do?
They get her to be like them.
Don't be so far away.
Look at Chloe.
Right here! We go that way.
I am worried
because Abby's after a clean sweep,
and Chloe is doing a solo.
She's her only soloist.
That makes me nervous.
Abby really wants to stay
on this winning streak.
By not giving Maddie a solo,
she's putting an extra
amount of pressure on Chloe to win.
Why were you at pyramid?
I thought Abby said
that she was going to just call you
if she needed you. Did she call you?
Well, trust me, I wouldn't have shown up
if she didn't tell me to.
I don't want my daughter or myself
to step on anybody's toes.
But Kendall deserves
to be a part of this team.
Abby invited us to pyramid.
Here we are.
These moms need to deal with it.
You are one lucky little girl.
You get to be rehearsing
with these people who have won week
after week after week.
Every one of those bad habits
that you came to my studio with
got worse when you went to Cathy's.
Now I have to clean up the mess.
Thank you.
Even though I'm letting Kendall
do the group number
and I've selected her
for a duet with Mackenzie,
she is under no circumstances
a member of the team.
She is still a guest at the
Abby Lee Dance Company.
All right, girls, love to talk to you
a little bit about this number.
This is a very deep number,
and it's going to be difficult
to get across to the judges
in two minutes and 30 seconds.
So Maddie is the one that I've chosen
to do her own choreography.
You come out, you're a free spirit.
You have all the privileges.
You're allowed to do anything.
I've chosen Maddie
to be the lead role in this piece
because she is perfect for the part.
She has the facial expressions
that can tell the judges the story.
You guys don't have any of those
pleasures of life that she has.
She's different. You're going to make her
want to be like you.
CHRISTI: I'm pretty sure
when she was discussing the group dance,
there's one little girl is special
and they all want to make her conform--
like, who do you think that's going to be?
Apparently, Abby is using this
as an opportunity
to explain to the world
that our girls are a mediocre cult.
And if they see someone
who is better than them,
they're going to drag her down
to their level.
I mean, she's obviously using this
as a parallel to last week.
And I think it's very offensive.
But she's going to say, "It's a number.
It's too--you know, it's interpretive.
It's art." It's (bleep).
She's always talking
about how different Nia is
and her hair and all of this.
And here's a prime opportunity.
She could capitalize
on Nia being different,
since that's a featured part of the dance.
The storyline is,
is that Maddie is above us
and we're trying to bring
her back to be like us.
MELISSA: Kelly and Christi
are reading way too much
into this group dance.
It's like they are always
looking for something
to argue about, all the time.
You can't celebrate other people.
But when we don't celebrate Maddie,
-it turns into this big thing.
-Everybody celebrates everybody.
Oh, okay.
That's why you talk about my daughter.
You talked about Chloe.
MELISSA: Christi is taking
Chloe out of school,
and then she's taking her to the movies.
No comment? No deflection?
-You talk about my daughter all the time.
-CHRISTI: No, I (bleep).
I talk about the way Abby favors her!
Have any of these women up here
heard me talk about Maddie
or have I talked about the favoritism?
My daughter is a 10-year-old little girl.
And when you have 40-year-old women
who will stop at nothing
to tear her down
because of a dance, I'm sorry,
I'm going to step in.
And I'm not going to take it.
You are a (bleep) troublemaker,
and you're a bitch!
I'm not the liar of the group. Sorry.
Just like you lied
about my daughter cheating.
I didn't lie! You told her you cheated!
-I did not!
-You told her that!
I did not!
I'm not (bleep) doing this
anymore about this.
Who's the liar in this group?
-Who lies all the time? You.
-Okay. Yeah.
Who had an affair with her boss?
Who is living with a man
who is still married?
That's it.
-I did not have an affair with my boss!
-CHRISTI: Yes, you did!
(bleep) you. I did not (bleep) bitch!
(bleep) There, I said it.
There's a new word.
We haven't used that one, yet.
JILL: Well, I feel--I feel badly for her
because she was very upset.
And I think she does things,
you guys, to get along.
She wants to be on the team
and be a team player.
And, you know, I don't know.
-HOLLY: All I will say--
-JILL: I don't know why she does
-what she does.
-All I will say is this.
Melissa is an incredibly smart woman.
So she knows exactly what she's doing...
-CHRISTI: Exactly.
-JILL: ...as she does it...
-CHRISTI: Yes.
-JILL: ...while she's doing it.
They're talking about you.
I know Mackenzie.
-I know, they're horrible.
-(crying)
Why do they do this to you?
I don't want you to leave.
Like, you think you're one step ahead,
she's four steps ahead of you.
Do not underestimate Melissa.
(upbeat music playing)
JILL: Okay. So where is Melissa?
She's part of this team.
She needs to be here.
It's the next day,
and everybody is there but Melissa.
Kendall's not officially in the group.
So with Melissa out of the picture,
this just opens up doors for Kendall.
ABBY: Hey, girls.
Come on, come on, come on.
Is that your lantern?
Everything else had glass
and it's too heavy.
I don't know if this is going to work.
I'm just afraid it's too big and high.
If not, we can look for a smaller one.
Okay. Where is Melissa?
Girls, where's Maddie?
We don't know.
All right. Let me go find out.
Because she would not
show up without calling.
Okay. Bring this in
when it's time for your solo.
-All right?
-Yes.
And let me see what's going on.
I'm starting rehearsal--
no Melissa, no kids.
I wonder if she'll be punished.
Doubt it.
(upbeat music playing)
CATHY: Hey, guys, come on in. Apples!
So, everybody,
I have some top secret news.
We are going to Starbound in Myrtle Beach.
So we need to get busy
with new choreography.
The last time that I saw
the Abby Lee Dance Company
at a competition,
they were not very nice to me.
ABBY: I'm in Ohio. I'm on your turf.
Not even a cocktail party
the night before?
No dinner at your house?
We have the M&M's back
-to help with choreography.
-(applause)
Mitchell and Michael are working with us.
And it's because they would like to see us
beat the Abby Lee Dance Company.
The reason that I brought the M&M's back
is because the kids are really
reciprocating to them.
They love Mitchell and Michael.
I think it's awesome.
I think it puts us on the edge.
We need to really work hard this week
because Jill and Kendall
have hopped back to Abby's studio.
No surprise, of course.
Drazen, that's why you are going
to be dancing with us today,
because I wanted Justice
to have a male friend.
So I want Jill and Kendall going down.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Five, six, seven, go.
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Strong arms.
You're reaching for her, Brooke.
Reach out there! Boom!
So I resume my rehearsal.
I don't know what's going on
with Maddie and Melissa,
but they need to be here in rehearsal.
You signed a contract.
You made a commitment to this team.
I don't have time. I just don't.
I have to keep working.
Okay. Take it from the fan kick.
I want to hear your mouth.
One, two, three.
I must say, this is a first
for Melissa not to come.
JILL: I'm surprised that Abby
is even going to hold a class
without Mackenzie and Maddie.
What's going to happen?
Well, I'm sure she won't
put anyone in their spot.
-Well, that's my point.
-HOLLY: Oh.
-CHRISTI: (laughs)
-If my kid wasn't here,
someone would be replacing them.
I think that Jill is just
loving life right now.
Melissa is mad at us,
so she's not showing up for anything.
And my two kids are injured.
So she can just slither her way in
either with the moms
or the kids this week.
I guess she's not coming
because she doesn't want to
face the music, again.
Or maybe she didn't come today
because she can't be handle the truth.
-HOLLY: I can't believe she's not here.
-JILL: Well, or both.
Well, she knows it'll be
brought up, again.
CATHY: You have to bring it to the table.
And when you slam on this table,
whose face on this table?
-Jill.
-MICHAEL: Jill.
Okay?
CATHY: The duo is called "The Promotion,"
and they are supposed to be
looking like they're focused,
intense with each other.
They're both out for the competition.
We're struggling with that, though.
And one, two, go three,
go four, go five, go six, seven, eight.
Okay, stop.
But see how you have,
like, a smirk on your face?
-You're mean.
-CATHY: No smirking.
Justice finds it very difficult
to do anything
that presents him
in being a nasty kid-like.
So he's got to dig.
MITCHELL: Let's put Taylor up here.
-CATHY: Just play along with it, okay?
-And then you two go here.
-Let's switch and put Erica in the front.
-MITCHELL: Okay.
The group number is called
"My Hair Like This."
-Go, girls!
-(upbeat music playing)
I like the number
because it's very on the edge.
There's a lot of movement going on.
(upbeat music playing)
It's hot. It's a hot dance.
MITCHELL: One, two, three--
Work!
ABBY: I need to talk to my dance captain.
Come here.
You're down a dancer.
So I want you to go out,
get your cell phone,
call Maddie and tell her
to get her butt in here right now.
NIA: As dance captain,
I have to call Maddie
and tell her to come to the dance studio.
But I don't know how to get her here
because I'm not her mother.
Miss Abby really need you here right now.
Because I know that you are
one of the featured parts in the dance.
During the phone call,
Maddie says that her mother
won't let her come to the dance studio
because Melissa is always mad at the moms.
ABBY: Let's take it from the top,
straight through.
Remember, you guys are all as one.
You think alike. You stand alike.
You act alike.
Reach in.
Go!
Three and four--no.
You're on the outside,
then you, then Maddie.
Here we go.
Maddie is the center
of the group choreography.
And without her here it's really difficult
to go on with this routine.
MELISSA: I really didn't
want to go to the studio,
but I finally thought I need to
drop my kids off at rehearsal.
I really don't have to be there
when they practice.
ABBY: Get in here! Let's go!
-HOLLY: Maddie arrived.
-CHRISTI: Oh, good.
HOLLY: Look at the timing. She's here.
Good. So then we--
our kids don't have to bear
the brunt of this one's anger.
Hey. I never want this to happen, again.
You're in a group dance.
You're part of the team.
You do not miss rehearsal.
This whole thing with your mother--
forget about it.
You're going to--look up there.
You're going to let those women
dictate your future?
That's crazy.
I cannot believe
how much time we have lost
because of Melissa.
Run, run! Up! Go!
We've got to dig down deep inside
and use everything we've got
if we're going to win
this weekend at Starbound.
Girls, we have two more days--
two more days to get this number clean.
-You understand?
-Yes.
-ABBY: All right, go.
-Thank you.
(upbeat music playing)
Thank you for calling
and tipping me off, though.
I appreciate my friends in this business.
Thanks. Bye-bye.
so, lo and behold, I find out that Cathy
and her rotten apples
are going to be joining us this weekend.
Cathy has entered a routine
in each one of our categories.
She's obviously out for revenge.
Justice is in a duet
with another little boy.
They don't have another boy.
This just gets better and better.
Cathy's bringing in a ringer
to dance with Justice
and go up against my duet.
Maddie can be Justice.
She's beat him before.
-She has to do a solo.
I know I told Maddie
she didn't get a solo this week.
But now I want her
to go up against Justice,
just to intimidate him.
Hi, babe. How are you?
-I'm good.
-Hi, Ab.
ABBY: Hey, Kenz.
You girls go ahead and get ready.
I want to talk to you for a second.
Melissa waltzes into the studio
like nothing happened yesterday.
At the very least, I think that woman
owes me an explanation.
I need to know where, were you yesterday
and why the girls weren't here.
I was not here. I don't have to be here.
I know Abby's upset,
but I don't need to be here
when my kids are dancing.
And I'm just sick of being
bullied by the moms.
My kids take care of themselves,
and they're here on time.
-So I'm not playing games.
-Okay.
Well, I'm not playing games, either.
Maddie's doing a solo this weekend.
Yes, she is.
You signed a contract with me.
Abby just needs to know giving
my daughter a solo
the night before a competition
is just too much pressure.
-(indistinct chatter)
-JILL: Hey.
-HOLLY: Hey.
-JILL: Welcome back.
HOLLY: You got to fix yourself.
-Can I go ask?
-No.
Because Abby's going to tell you
you're doing a solo, and you're not.
CHRISTI: You know, it's funny.
When Chloe misses a rehearsal
she screamed at.
But when Maddie misses,
she's rewarded with a solo.
Double standard?
-(laughter)
-ABBY: Girls, come on. Let's go.
I need you in studio A.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Are we ready?
CHLOE: This week my solo is called
"Leave the Light On."
Miss Abby said that the story is, like,
when it's dark I don't like it,
so I try to, like,
use the lantern to find
the space where it's all light.
SINGER: ♪Do you have
your eyes wide open?♪
♪Can you feel the whole world shaking?♪
Now that I know Candy Apple is going to be
in Myrtle Beach this weekend,
I need Chloe's head in the game.
My goal is a clean sweep.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: And, off. Good.
When you step out on that stage,
I want you to win.
No boy is going to beat me.
I have a solo against Justice this week
and he's a really good dancer.
So I am kind of feeling pressured
because now I have to do really good.
So we missed you yesterday.
What's going on?
You're coming away this weekend.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
What did Abby say to you when you came in?
She said my daughter--
your daughter's doing a solo this weekend.
I said, no, she's not. And I walked away.
-She did?
-Uh-huh.
Melissa, why don't you want
Maddie to do a solo?
It's not her week to do a solo.
At pyramid she wasn't assigned it,
so it's not her week.
If I let Maddie do this solo,
the other moms are going to think that,
of course, Maddie is the favorite.
And I'm totally sick of it.
And I'm sticking up for myself
and I'm sticking up for my kid.
-And I'm--
-Yeah, but how--
you don't--you just don't want her to.
-No, she's not.
-Which is fine.
-It's my decision. I'm the mom.
-I'm just curious.
She's not the mom.
JILL: I don't think it was
really fair of Abby
to ask Maddie to do a solo.
If Abby had said, "Kendall,
I need you to do a solo,"
she would have done it.
So what's Abby's reasoning behind it?
-Yeah.
-You should ask her.
-No. Didn't want to.
-Because she heard that
Candy Apple was coming,
so she needs her ringer.
-That's why.
-HOLLY: That's probably what it is.
-Chloe Will do just great.
-Chloe will do just great.
-But for her to ask her--
-But, obviously, Abby doesn't think that.
Play her game, Melissa.
It just goes to show how much value Abby
puts on all of her students.
But she should really
just take Chloe's solo
and just give it to Maddie.
Because why have them com--
if you don't feel Chloe is good enough,
don't have to be your--
your go-to loser.
Just give it to Maddie.
Abby's expecting a clean sweep
this week at Starbound.
And now that she's heard
the Candy Apples is going to be there,
of course, she doesn't have
enough faith in Chloe.
And now she wants Maddie to dance.
ABBY: Go. Point your feet!
Developpé down.
MACKENZIE: I'm really excited
because we're going to Myrtle Beach.
And I'm doing a duet with Kendall,
and it's called "Reservations for Two,"
and it's an acro routine.
No way are you going to lose
to some other boy.
Fan kick! Finish the turn!
You're going to ruin that
if you keep doing that like that.
Don't dive!
The stakes are high
for Kendall and Mackenzie.
They're going up against Justice
and Cathy's new little ringer.
Hopefully, these two can pull it off.
(sighs)
I'm looking for a clean sweep
this weekend at Starbound.
But this duet has me worried.
(tense music playing)
ABBY: What's the real truth?
Tell me the real truth.
You don't want to do a solo?
You just want a week off?
It's just that I can't learn a solo at...
I don't want to go there and not win.
You have beaten boys before.
I don't care what's going on with Melissa
and the other moms.
Maddie should be doing this solo for me.
Just Maddie's name
being typed in that program
up against Justice will intimidate him.
So, you know what?
I feel like I'm giving you an opportunity
and you're (bleep) all over me.
It's really tough because
Miss Abby wants me to do a solo
and my mom doesn't want me to do a solo.
And I got to listen to my mom.
-Goodnight!
-Goodnight.
Melissa, I want to
talk to you for a second.
Okay.
I just want to talk to you
about the solo thing.
If Melissa doesn't let Maddie do a solo,
she might just cost us the win.
If that's the case,
I'll never forgive her.
That Cathy, the hick in the stick,
she's coming.
All right?
Any one of my kids could do a solo.
That's not what it's about.
It's about I want to intimidate him.
It is--it's too late in the game.
I'm not do--I'm sorry, Abby.
I don't want to disappoint you,
but it is what it is.
I don't care what Abby says.
I know Candy Apples are coming,
but I'm not letting my daughter
learn a solo the night
before the competition.
ABBY: Well, I think she
could have learned it today.
MELISSA: Well, I got to go.
I got to get my kids to bed
so we can get on the plane.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: We've arrived at Starbound
competition in Myrtle Beach.
Come on, girls.
This is going to be
a tough competition for us.
And I found out that
Cathy and the Crab Apples
are going to be here.
There's a lot at stake.
Come on. Game faces.
We ready, ladies? Let's do it.
(upbeat music playing)
(cheering and applause)
CATHY: Okay, guys, you know the drill.
All right. Everybody stay together.
-Oh, that voice!
-I heard it, too!
-Oh, my gosh!
-I heard it!
Yeah, look at this.
We have lots of room to practice.
-Love it.
-WOMAN: Yeah.
-Absolutely.
-Oh, my god, that voice.
It, like, haunts you in your nightmares.
Jill, come over here, please.
Now without alarming
everybody in the room,
tell me who this is.
I look at the program
and I see Justice and Drazen.
I don't know who this person is.
All I do know is that he's some ringer.
This is not one of Cathy's students.
-Never seen that name before.
-I've never seen that name--Drazen.
-So you don't know who that is.
-Uh-uh. I swear I don't.
-I don't know--
-ABBY: You've never heard.
-You swear on your life?
-I swear.
Abby, I'm on your side. I would tell you.
Abby needs to trust me.
My alliance is with her.
That's what my daughter
is here for, for Abby,
and we're here to win.
Guys, can you come in for just a moment?
I just want to kind of give you
a heads up on what's going on. Okay?
If anybody's tweeting you,
it's none of their business.
It's our little surprise attack.
Okay?
And Drazen, honestly,
I'd kind of like to keep you
behind closed doors
just because they don't know
who the heck you are.
Drazen is somebody that does
not compete at the dance studio.
You know, we just kind of pulled him in
as a guest artist
because we wanted two boys,
and see what they do
when they hit the stage.
(suspenseful music playing)
CHRISTI: I'm really nervous
for Chloe right now.
Abby is counting on her to beat Justice.
And I know Chloe can do it
but Chloe has to know she can do it.
And she needs to go on that stage
and dance with confidence.
Let's go. Come on, Chloe. This is it.
(upbeat music playing)
Walking to the stage
I'm a little bit nervous.
I've never really competed
against Justice before,
and Abby's counting on me.
ANNOUNCER: Number 253,
"Leave the Light On."
(cheering and applause)
Go, Chloe!
(dramatic music playing)
SINGER: ♪Can you feel
the whole world shaking?♪
♪I'm breaking inside♪
♪Don't believe the lies♪
♪You're echoing heart
your echoing heartbeat♪
♪Keeps your time♪
♪It's crashing lately♪
♪Your echoing heartbeat♪
♪Echoing heartbeat keeps the time♪
♪It's crashing lately♪
♪Your echoing heartbeat
echoing heartbeat♪
♪Is all you leave behind♪
♪All you leave behind♪
(upbeat music playing)
(cheering and applause)
Good job!
Yay, Chloe!
Woo!
Chloe did an amazing job,
and I'm really, really proud of her.
I think she was gorgeous.
But I know Justice's solo is next.
ANNOUNCER: Number 294, "Shipwreck."
(cheering and applause)
(upbeat music playing)
(instrumental music playing)
(cheers and applause)
ABBY: Nine times,
he either did a left leg hold,
a left (inaudible),
a left developpé, nine times.
Ladies and gentlemen,
that is not choreography.
That is called stretching.
-(cheering)
-HOLLY: Nice job!
CHRISTI: Chloe walked into
the dressing room,
and I couldn't wait to hug her.
She has been under
so much pressure this week,
and I think she nailed her solo.
It was so good.
Good job! Very nice.
Chloe did great up there.
I think she might actually have a shot
at beating the bad apple.
But if Melissa would have agreed
to let Maddie do a solo, too,
it would have been two chances to beat him
instead of just one.
Maddie, do you understand now
why I wanted you to do a solo?
-Yes.
-ABBY: It doesn't have anything
to do with Chloe.
It has to do with he was backstage.
You could have psyched him out.
It was my fault.
And I told Maddie I'm sorry,
-and she was mad at me. But--
-ABBY: I know.
But, Melissa, you have to realize
it's unprofessional.
MELISSA: If Maddie would have done a solo,
the moms would have freaked out on me.
And that would have upset Maddie.
And I'm so tired of Maddie being upset
when the moms get mad at me.
Girls, this is it and then we're going.
Now remember, it's about the story.
It's about conformity.
Let's go.
Right now I'm a little worried
about this routine.
Tight! Tight!
In order for it to work,
Brooke has to put a bonnet
on Maddie's head
and transform her into one of them.
Hopefully, they can pull this off.
-WOMAN: Oh, look.
-All right. We got to go.
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
Come on!
(chatter)
ANNOUNCER:
Judges, this will be number 250, "Taken."
(cheering and applause)
(dance music playing)
SINGER: ♪ It'll take you over ♪
♪ And seize your breath ♪
♪ You soon discover ♪
♪ Your one regret ♪
♪ It's time you notice ♪
♪ You're all alone ♪
♪ I was too golden... ♪
Get it on her head.
Get it on. Get it on.
SINGER:
♪ ...and you have shone ♪
♪ You were never really there for me ♪
♪ But you were always number one ♪
♪ Lying there,
you left me out to bleed ♪
♪ You just turned around to run ♪
♪ You turned your back ♪
♪ And played with me ♪
♪ It's time to wake ♪
♪ The strength in me ♪
(cheering and applause)
Good job!
Woo! That was awesome!
Go, girls!
ANNOUNCER: Number 290,
"My Hair Like This."
(cheering and applause)
Where's the chair?
Stop. Stop. Stop.
And I hear Cathy going,
"Stop, stop, stop,"
from the audience right behind me.
I mean, who does that?
CATHY: Stop. Where's the chair?
-WOMAN: They gave it to (indistinct)
-CATHY: Stop.
(dramatic music playing)
(tense dramatic music playing)
ANNOUNCER:
And, judges, up next, number 290.
"My Hair Like This."
(cheering and applause)
CATHY: Where's the chair?
Where's the chair?
Stop. Stop. Stop.
Okay. Somebody go--
ANNOUNCER: We're going to call
you right back out, ladies.
I cannot believe that Cathy's dancers
didn't realize the prop wasn't onstage.
Why did your teacher have to yell
from the audience
why did you tell somebody backstage?
Cathy, are you raising employable
future professional dancers
or are you raising kids that
need their dance teacher
to scream out from the audience?
ANNOUNCER: All right, judges,
in Small Group Open 11 and 12,
this is number 290,
"My Hair Like This."
(cheering and applause)
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER:
♪ I like my hair like this ♪
♪ I like my hair to go--to go... ♪
♪ Hair like... ♪
(applause)
(ominous music playing)
CATHY: I'm feeling pretty good.
We were after the wow factor,
and certainly that's
when we put out there.
(cheering and applause)
Okay, awards--
you ready?
CROWD: Yeah!
Here comes our 9 through 12-year-old
top Junior Soloists.
All right. Our second place
and first place Junior Soloists--
they are separated
by 1/10 of a point.
So I'd like to call our remaining
two Elite Soloists over.
Come on up.
(applause)
Second place, with a 296.9 out of 300,
please put your hands together for 253,
"Leave the Light On," Chloe,
Abby Lee Dance Company.
(cheering and applause)
When they announced that Chloe
was second place by 1/10
of a point, my heart sank.
Because I wanted nothing more
than to walk in that room
and shove it into Abby's face
and say, "You had no faith
in her and she could do it."
ANNOUNCER:
And our top Junior Soloist
for our Myrtle Beach,
South Carolina Regional--
give it up, with a 297
for "Shipwreck."
Justin takes it!
(cheering and applause)
Sometimes the judges
want to keep boys
interested in dance.
So what other way but to let them win?
All right, time for groups.
And here come the top
Junior Group scores today.
Third place, 291.5 out of 300.
Please put your hands together
for number 290,
"My Hair Like This."
(cheering and applause)
And our top Junior Group today
had a score of 295 out of 300 points.
Number 215, "Taken."
(cheering and applause)
And your studio--
ALL:
Abby Lee Dance Company!
Let's give it up for the entire
top Junior Groups.
Take a bow, girls.
(cheering and applause)
My goal is a clean sweep.
And now I know I'm not going to get it.
-Ooh.
-Good job.
Beat them, again.
Chloe, what are we going
to do about you, huh?
1/10 of a point.
You know what?
Chloe's score was amazing.
She danced fabulous.
He is a boy.
You're the first to say they get
bonus points for being a boy.
Why don't you come in
and tell her you did a great job
-instead of--
-She did do a great job.
It wasn't good enough.
Maddie, do you get it?
Do you understand why I wanted
you to do your solo?
So that you would intimidate him.
And, you know what, Melissa?
This is my business.
You have a man at home
that pays all your bills.
I don't.
I have to pay my bills.
I have your duet costumes.
I'm telling you right now,
the two boys are going to beat you.
I don't know what it is about Cathy
that gets under Abby's skin,
but Abby's taking this competition
to a whole new level.
And she just needs to calm down.
(electronic music playing)
Right now we're one for one
with those apple cores.
It's all coming down to this duet--
Mackenzie and Kendall
against two boys.
Now, come on.
You know the two boys
are going to win.
ANNOUNCER: Open, ages 9 and 10,
number 292, "The Promotion."
(cheering and applause)
(dance music playing)
Oh, my gosh.
(applause)
I was not as impressed with Justice
and whoever this new little boy is
that Cathy solicited from somewhere.
ANNOUNCER:
Open, ages 9 and 10.
Number 254,
"Reservation for Two."
(cheering and applause)
(dance music playing)
SINGER:
♪ Hello? ♪
♪ The telephone rings ♪
♪ And it seems that we are on tonight ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ Never too old to live ♪
♪ And dream in a fantasy ♪
♪ Party, party, party, party ♪
♪ Party, party party every night ♪
♪ The DJ's on point tonight ♪
♪ Yeah, you'd think
he was sent from above ♪
♪ And we can party, party, party, party ♪
♪ Party, party, party,
party all the time ♪
(cheering and applause)
It was really weird
competing against Justice
because he was my former teammate.
(cheering and applause)
ANNOUNCER:
Great job. Great day, right?
All right. Top Junior Duet/Trios--
second place, 293 is the score.
And that goes to number...
292, "The Promotion,"
Justice and Drazen.
(cheering and applause)
Top Junior Duo/Trio,
with a score of 294,
number 259, "Reservation for Two,"
Kendall and Mackenzie!
Come on down, you guys.
You are Mackenzie.
-How are you?
-Good.
-And--
-Kendall.
Kendall, absolutely beautiful up here,
absolutely gorgeous.
Give them a big round of applause!
Great job! Congratulations!
Two out of three.
I didn't get my clean sweep,
but we can blame Chloe for that.
(dramatic music playing)
Hello, hello, hello.
After the awards,
I wanted to rub it in Cathy's face.
We beat her fair and square.
Cathy, you got to man these boys up.
-Come on.
-Oh, please.
MITCHELL: Tell her we're pretty manly.
CATHY:
Tell us what's masculine.
Yeah, really.
I didn't have any boys
in a number today.
No, but Abby, even your girls don't.
Don't do what?
-MITCHELL: They don't do that difficulty.
-CATHY: Your girls--
-Your girls don't do...
-MITCHELL: They don't do that difficulty.
...what's fresh and new.
Fresh and new?
Straight legs and stretched feet
will never go out of style.
CATHY:
Oh, you're right. They won't.
You're absolutely right.
So then you better get on some
of them who have sickled feet.
-ABBY: Let's--come on, Cathy...
-CATHY: And you better get on some--
let's put Vivi-Anne right
up against Mackenzie.
Let's put the two 8-year-olds
up against each other.
CATHY: You know what?
I have to hold back.
Because my little 8-year-old has improved
week after week after week.
Because they don't go to school.
-My little Vivi-Anne--
-Excuse me?
-My daughter goes to school!
-My little Vivi-Anne
reads third grade books.
-Shut up!
-Don't tell me to shut up.
My daughter is smart
and she goes to school every day!
-Hey, listen!
-MELISSA: My daughter--
It was you who called Vivi a human prop!
-MELISSA: She is!
-So don't tell me to shut up!
-MELISSA: Yes, but I know--
-I think you need to take
your little technicolor ass
and get out of here.
Cathy has two guest choreographers,
a ringer, and older girls
dancing in her group.
But it's still not enough to beat
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
(dramatic music playing)